FL-180
FOR COURT USE ONLY

ATTORNEY OR PARTY WITHOUT ATTORNEY (Name, State Bar number, and address):

David Simon
241501
SIMON LAW
3021 Citrus Circle, Suite 250
Walnut Creek, CA 94598
TELEPHONE NO.:
(415) 746-6652
FAX NO. (Optional): (415) 746-6632
E-MAIL ADDRESS (Optional):
dsimon@simonlaw.com
ATTORNEY FOR (Name): Rosanna Claire Alvero Wauters
SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF San Francisco
STREET ADDRESS: 400 McAllister Street
MAILING ADDRESS:
CITY AND ZIP CODE:
BRANCH NAME:

San Francisco, CA 94102
Unified Family Court

MARRIAGE OR PARTNERSHIP OF

PETITIONER: Rosanna Claire Alvero Wauters

RESPONDENT:Mathieu Christian Yves Wauters

JUDGMENT

 DISSOLUTION

 LEGAL SEPARATION
 NULLITY
 Status only
 Reserving jurisdiction over termination of marital or domestic

CASE NUMBER:

FDI-21-794666

partnership status

 Judgment on reserved issues

Date marital or domestic partnership status ends:

June 1, 2023

1.  This judgment  contains personal conduct restraining orders  modifies existing restraining orders.
The restraining orders are contained on page(s)
of the attachment. They expire on (date):
2. This proceeding was heard as follows:  Default or uncontested  By declaration under Family Code section 2336
 Contested

 Agreement in court
a. Date: June 21, Sept 13, 19, 21 25, 2023
Dept.: 403
Room:
b. Judicial officer (name): Hon. Russell S Roeca
 Temporary judge
c. 
 Petitioner present in court
 Attorney present in court (name): Selam Gezahegn

d. 
 Respondent present in court
 Attorney present in court (name):
e.  Claimant present in court (name):
 Attorney present in court (name):
f.  Other (specify name):
3. The court acquired jurisdiction of the respondent on (date):
a.  The respondent was served with process.
b. 
 The respondent appeared.

April 28, 2021

THE COURT ORDERS, GOOD CAUSE APPEARING
4. a.  Judgment of dissolution is entered. Marital or domestic partnership status is terminated and the parties are restored to the
status of single persons
(1)  on (specify date):
(2)  on a date to be determined on noticed motion of either party or on stipulation.
b.  Judgment of legal separation is entered.
c.  Judgment of nullity is entered. The parties are declared to be single persons on the ground of (specify):
d.  This judgment will be entered nunc pro tunc as of (date):
e. 
 Judgment on reserved issues.
f. The 
 petitioner's  respondent's former name is restored to (specify): Rosanna Claire Alvero
g.  Jurisdiction is reserved over all other issues, and all present orders remain in effect except as provided below.
h.  This judgment contains provisions for child support or family support. Each party must complete and file with the court a
Child Support Case Registry Form (form FL-191) within 10 days of the date of this judgment. The parents must notify the
court of any change in the information submitted within 10 days of the change, by filing an updated form. The Notice
of Rights and Responsibilities—Health-Care Costs and Reimbursement Procedures and Information Sheet on Changing a
Child Support Order (form FL-192) is attached.
Page 1 of 2
Form Adopted for Mandatory Use
Judicial Council of California
FL-180 [Rev. July 1, 2012]

JUDGMENT
(Family Law)

Wauters, Rosanna

Family Code, §§ 2024, 2340,
2343, 2346
www.courts.ca.gov

FL-180
CASE NAME (Last name, first name of each party):

CASE NUMBER:

Wauters, Rosanna Claire Alvero
Wauters, Mathieu Christian Yves

FDI-21-794666

4. i.  The children of this marriage or domestic partnership are:
(1)  Name

Birthdate

(2)  Parentage is established for children of this relationship born prior to the marriage or domestic partnership
j.  Child custody and visitation (parenting time) are ordered as set forth in the attached
(1)  Settlement agreement, stipulation for judgment, or other written agreement which contains the information
required by Family Code section 3048(a).
(2)  Child Custody and Visitation Order Attachment (form FL-341).
(3)  Stipulation and Order for Custody and/or Visitation of Children (form FL-355).
Court:
(4)  Previously established in another case. Case number:
k.  Child support is ordered as set forth in the attached
(1)  Settlement agreement, stipulation for judgment, or other written agreement which contains the declarations
required by Family Code section 4065(a).
(2)  Child Support Information and Order Attachment (form FL-342).
(3)  Stipulation to Establish or Modify Child Support and Order (form FL-350).
(4)  Previously established in another case. Case number:
Court:
l. 
 Spousal, domestic partner, or family support is ordered:
(1)  Reserved for future determination as relates to  petitioner  respondent
(2)  Jurisdiction terminated to order spousal or partner support to  petitioner  respondent
(3)  As set forth in the attached Spousal, Partner, or Family Support Order Attachment (form FL-343).
(4)  As set forth in the attached settlement agreement, stipulation for judgment, or other written agreement.
(5) 
 Other (specify): as set forth in the attached Final Statement of Decision and Order dated

December 28, 2023

m.
 Property division is ordered as set forth in the attached
(1)  Settlement agreement, stipulation for judgment, or other written agreement.
(2)  Property Order Attachment to Judgment (form FL-345).
(3) 
 Other (specify): as set forth in the attached Final Statement of Decision and Order dated

December 28, 2023

n.  Attorney fees and costs are ordered as set forth in the attached
(1)  Settlement agreement, stipulation for judgment, or other written agreement.
(2)  Attorney Fees and Costs Order (form FL-346).
(3)  Other (specify):
o.  Other (specify):
Each attachment to this judgment is incorporated into this judgment, and the parties are ordered to comply with each attachment's
provisions. Jurisdiction is reserved to make other orders necessary to carry out this judgment.
Date:
5. Number of pages attached: 23

JUDICIAL OFFICER

 SIGNATURE FOLLOWS LAST ATTACHMENT

NOTICE
Dissolution or legal separation may automatically cancel the rights of a spouse or domestic partner under the other spouse's or
domestic partner's will, trust, retirement plan, power of attorney, pay-on-death bank account, transfer-on-death vehicle registration,
survivorship rights to any property owned in joint tenancy, and any other similar property interest. It does not automatically cancel the
rights of a spouse or domestic partner as beneficiary of the other spouse's or domestic partner's life insurance policy. You should
review these matters, as well as any credit cards, other credit accounts, insurance policies, retirement plans, and credit reports, to
determine whether they should be changed or whether you should take any other actions.
A debt or obligation may be assigned to one party as part of the dissolution of property and debts, but if that party does not pay the
debt or obligation, the creditor may be able to collect from the other party.
An earnings assignment may be issued without additional proof if child, family, partner, or spousal support is ordered.
Any party required to pay support must pay interest on overdue amounts at the "legal rate," which is currently 10 percent.
FL-180 [Rev. July 1, 2012]

JUDGMENT
(Family Law)

Page 2 of 2

Wauters, Rosanna

